{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
<head>\
<style>\
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com">\
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Texturina:wght@200&display=swap" rel="stylesheet"> \
\
<body>\
</style>\
<div>\
<h1>Weekly blogs!</h1>\
<div>\
\
<p>Week 1 entry:\
This week we went over the basic \'93beginning of school\'94  basics. Such as course info, syllabus etc. This is useful going forward to understand what kind of software we\'92ll need in order to create our final portfolio. We also learned about the helpful websites like W3schools, and jsfiddle in order to create websites. Overall this was a good introduction to the class, and wasn\'92t difficult to get through at all.\
</p>\
<p>\
 Week 2 entry: \
This weeks topic was based on learning basic HTML tags such as the basics like <!DOCTYPE> , that defines the document type in html, or  the head> tag which holds all the information for the document. Tags can also have an impact on how the webpage looks in terms of font, like the b> tag to make lines of text bold or the i> tag to make things italic. Overall this was really useful and can help for moving forward as it is always important to learn the basics. This topic was not hard at all and very easy to understand. \
</p>\
<p>\
Week 3:\
This week's topic was all about learning HTML buttons and inserts. Buttons are interactive or clickable elements of web pages, and inserts are items like video or sound players to add video or music elements into your webpage. This is very helpful for the coming weeks to help make interactive pages and include more stylized/personal elements. This week was fun, and wasn\'92t too hard to pick up on the concepts.\
</p>\
<p>\
Week 4: \
This week we learned about styling web pages through coding with HTML and CSS. HTML style is a way to add stylized elements through an element of the page like text such as color, or size. CSS is how we stylize the information within a HTML document, in a more in depth way like getting into pixel size or margins. This is helpful for future assignments in order to create a more personal and aesthetically pleasing element to the design. This is a lot of information but easy to retain once learned. \
</p>\
<p>\
Week 5:\
This week was all about multimedia tags such as plug-in\'92s, video> and audio> tags, to add external elements to your webpage. In this week's homework assignment we had to incorporate a youtube video and/or soundcloud audio into our webpage. Once again this is really important for the purpose of adding outside sources to pages for whatever you're trying to convey. This was really easy to understand.\
</p>\
<p>\
Week 6:\
This week was about learning the CSS color names and the multiple ways they can be incorporated into a webpage whether that\'92s through color name like; tomato, RGB values such as (255, 99, 71) or HEX values like #ff6347. It\'92s important to get comfortable with different ways to input color in order to create a nice color scheme. This was super easy to incorporate into our webpages.\
</p>\
<p>\
Week 7:\
This week was about learning \'93selectors\'94 in CSS. A selector is a pattern used to select a specific element of the HTML document to style. This came into play when we used the ID selector to name our div> tags to make stylizing specific portions of our webpages. It\'92s a little hard to retain the specificities of each tag but it's overall a very useful piece of information for the future. \
</p>\
<p>\
Week 8:\
This week was about incorporating external fonts into our webpages. Through public cdn\'92s we\'92re able to incorporate free stylized fonts into our webpages to add some personal touches. This was important for future use as the fonts provided on w3schools are pretty basic. This was a lot to learn but not difficult to retain at all. It was easy to incorporate unique fonts into our web pages.\
</p>\
<p>\
Week 9:\
CSS website layout is all about the format of the webpage and where certain elements belong. I learned a lot about placement of elements within a webpage. This is useful moving forward in order to create a more aesthetically pleasing webpage. This overall is not a difficult concept just difficult to incorporate into the code of the webpage.\
</p>\
<p>\
Week 10:\
CSS navigation is the addition of a navigation bar in order to navigate through multiple webpages or elements of one page all at once. It\'92s useful in theory to piece together many pages. But overall difficult to stylize and get to work as a functional element of the webpage. \
</p>\
<p>\
Week 11:\
This week we learned about javascript and it\'92s functions. Java is a way to program the webpage to function like getting buttons to make more or navigate you through the page. This is extremely helpful in order to have a functioning page but difficult to get it to function with html and css together. Not difficult, just a little frustrating to get a hang of.\
</p>\
<p>\
Week 12:\
Javascript conditions are added statements used to perform specific functions within the webpage for example; Use \'93if\'94 to specify a block of code to be executed, if a specified condition is true. Loops execute a block of code a number of times, useful as a kind of copy pasting method fora function. This was not difficult and pretty useful to incorporate into web pages.\
</p>\
<p>\
Week 13:\
This week was about javascript functions. You can use a function to incorporate an \'93action\'94 into your page like making more of a button when clicked. This is not difficult as you can incorporate the div> tag and id control to specify the function you want something to perform.\
</p>\
<p>\
Journal 14:\
I just would like to say I know my final portfolio doesn\'92t check a lot of the requirements for the project, and for that i\'92m sorry. I have learned so much through this course but a lot of it was hard to retain. I put a lot of effort into the pages i\'92ve created and trying to upload them to github.io in a way that is functional but even that was really hard for me no matter how many times I watched your video walkthrough or did the github tutorial. Also everytime i have github open my computer fans start working overtime and start to overheat i dont even know what that\'92s about. I did learn a lot in this course and a lot of it is helpful information. I\'92m sorry i didn\'92t do better.\
</p>\
\
\
</html>}